You think it's great that your dad is sunny
Do you know who I am?
Aren't you this waiter?
Who else do you know?
I'm the devil you and your dad can't afford to mess with
Come back soon
I'll call my dad and wait for him to come
Yes, I can let you
Ok you wait
Hello dad
Hurry up, I got hit
Come over here
I don't know him.
He's just a waiter
I don't even care about you
Okay, you see the situation.
You wait.
My dad will bring you here right away to clean you up
I'll bet you.
Your dad has to kneel for me within three seconds of seeing me
Blow you keep blowing
I'll let you know what it is later.
White knife in
Red knife out
You'll understand.
Why did they insult you?
They said my sister called him here
Lin Waner is right
This stinky bitch
I should have ruined his face yesterday
Who dares to touch my son?